Where are the others? I'll find them myself.
Next building, third floor.
Go up the stairs, turn right and keep walking until you see it.
Boss, you still have to be careful
It's the territory of the Blood Gang
Well, boss, I'll go with you
You don't have to go.
I'll go by myself, maybe I don't have to fight
Why? Because I used to be in the Blood Gang.
Ok, are you alright?
They almost killed me
Tian Fang, you traitor
How dare you come?
Liu Bingbing, it was you who let me down
I don't care about you.
Let Qi Luo go now
A traitor still dares to drink six in these 15
Tianfang, is there something wrong with your brain?
Oh, right. I forgot. You got a backer now
This is it.
Hello, you are Liu Binbin, right?
I'm going to give you two options.
The first is to let it go
Kneel down and apologize to him
The second is that I beat you up
You kneel down and apologize to Qi Le
This is my blood gang's turf
how
Want to fight?